Ashley Eggart
4/23/17
Homework 15 Write up
	For this final project, I chose to complete the animation of a plane because I have some previous experience animating in SolidWorks and thought it would be interesting to see how the process in SolidWorks compares to MATLAB. I solved the problem by first learning the basics of animation from the ABC’s and then a lot of trial and error to make the code work the way I wanted it to. I solved it the way I did because after examining the ABC’s, the skeleton code provided, the helper functions, and the solution animation it made the most sense. From this project, I learned the importance of failure and commenting your code. There were a lot of new functions that I was unfamiliar with and complicated code that I did not understand and it was only through trial and error that I was able to understand what the code was doing. This process of trying something and getting an unexpected result and then going back and trying again taught me a lot in a very short amount of time about a complicated topic and I thought it was a very interesting project. Also, in hand with this I learned the importance of commenting your code. Even with clear commenting and variable names that made sense it still took me nearly two hours to determine what everything was and how it worked together before I made any progress on the project.
	In order to actually create the plane, I relied heavily on the helper functions provided in the code. Once I realized how the helper functions worked together and what each one specifically did I was able to place them in the code and create a plane. After managing to actually create the plane I moved onto the actual motion of the plane. While working on the issue I realized I did not actually need to move the plane beyond rotating it, I just need to move the clouds to make the plane appear to be moving, however this turned out to be more difficult than I had anticipated and I spent a significant amount of time trying to make the clouds move correctly. I think the most difficult part of this animation was the motion of the clouds and getting them to correctly correspond to the simulated motion of the plane.
